alaz correspondent yumna is live in
southern Gaza in KH Yunis describe to us
yumna what's happening where you
are well I'm here in Kan yunes in Naser
hospital where uh basically all uh the
journalists are and we were asked to
evacuate Gaza and the northern Gaza
Strip to the South now the bombardments
in the South I'm talking about KH Unice
and Rafa have still have still been
ongoing all through the night the early
hours of D and the early hours of this
morning and even until just a while ago
the bombardments were very close here to
the uh area around and surrounding this
hospital we could hear the pounding of
air strikes around us here while this
Hospital remains packed with thousands
of people who have come to take refuge
in the yards of the hospital the uh
situation in the the hospital is uh
extremely uh difficult uh people are
mainly struggling to get water drinking
water in the entire strip has been uh uh
in continuous shortage for the past few
days while uh it keeps on getting worse
and worse uh to get water to drink for
many many people here in this
area y I understand that you have a
guest with you the head of NASA
hospital's emergency department we'd
love to hear what he has to say and what
the conditions are inside the
hospital yes exactly so uh Dr Muhammad
kandil he is the director of Naser
Hospital director of the emergency
department in a Naser hospital and he
will tell us exactly how the situation
inside the hospital is yeah the
situation is catastrophic for the last
seven days days we have a continuous
flow of severely wounded patient the
hospital beds were expanded many times
though it's fully backed now in the last
hour if I'm talking about the last hour
we received around 60 severely wounded
patient means one patient per minute and
this is very catastrophic situation the
health system
will will yes Dr Muhammad tell me about
the shortages of medical uh equipment
and medication and fuel how is the
hospital running these hours the
hospital now working in the last hours I
think if electricity is still off the
hospital fuel base generator will be off
the hospit the whole He system will
collapse we will not if there is no
electricity in the hospital we cannot
provide any medical services for our
patients the hospital will change to Big
grave for S and now at this moment there
is many part of the hospital without
water there is no water in uh woman
Hospital in Pediatric Hospital there is
no water and the engineer sector
engineering sector trying to fix this
the disaster is what because there is
cut of water electricity for the last 7
days and uh nothing come from outside
there is no Medical Aid no support no uh
Medical Teams came to help us and the
number of patient is very huge tell me
about
these tents that I see everywhere in the
yards of the hospital these white tents
what are they and who do they have yeah
because the hospital are fully backed
the ICU bids are fully backed destined
to receive the patient in the next few
hours we don't have another choice in
previous escalation we were used to send
patient outside to near countries so
this will help little bit with the
crowening this escalation the number of
wounded patient are very very huge and
the hospital cannot compensate such
number imagine the last hour we received
around 60 severely wounded patient most
of them are children and woman I didn't
see any adult male all of them are kids
the oldest was 11 years old I saw a
pregnant woman with severe injuries the
heartbreaking points here today actually
is we were selecting between patients
which one we can help him which one we
cannot help him because we don't have uh
enough BS in the hospital and this is
very very uh sad Point thank you Dr
Muhammad yes back to
you that's yumna aside reporting from
Han Yunis in southern Gaza yumna we were
listening very intently to what your
guest was saying and he's saying they
already are in a position where they
have to select among patients those they
can treat and those that they believe
they cannot